c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\bin\Debug\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem.dll.config
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\bin\Debug\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem.dll
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\bin\Debug\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem.pdb
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\obj\Debug\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem.csproj.App.config
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\obj\Debug\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\obj\Debug\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem.dll
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\obj\Debug\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem.pdb
C:\Users\IT_Mark\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\obj\Debug\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem.Views.LoginPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\IT_Mark\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\obj\Debug\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem.dll.mdb
C:\Users\IT_Mark\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem\bin\Debug\CrossPlatformBasicLoginSystem.dll.mdb
